this will slim your waist in just five
minutes a day do you like a massage
yes well have you heard that the massage
not only relaxes your muscles but also
helps to reduce your weight and release
toxins from your body lymphatic massage
is everything you need to get a healthy
and toned body if this is what you have
been dreaming about watch this video and
don't forget to hit the like button
we have even better news you don't have
to spend a fortune in expensive massage
parlors the type of massage we will tell
you about can be easily done at home by
yourself see how to do it so that your
body can reduce those extra inches
around your waist that bother you so
much but first of all what are the
benefits of a lymphatic massage
this delicate form of massage favors the
flow of lymph the pressure on your skin
is almost not perceptible it is so light
that at first you may consider it
useless but wait a bit after several
sessions you will start to perceive the
results the thing is this massage speeds
up the work of your lymphatic system
this system in turn increases your
metabolic rate and the result is the
loss of weight a lymphatic massage is a
great tool in the struggle with
cellulite / Rey although it is effective
at any time the result is the most
noticeable in early stages this form of
massage helps to make the flow of the
waste accumulated in the body more
active otherwise your tissues fill with
toxins and liquids
therefore the deposits of fat turned
hard creating the orange skin swollen
and heavy feet will benefit greatly from
such ministration the thing is lymph
goes from the periphery to the center of
your body when the flow of lymph is
interrupted it returns to the lens it
floods the feet and causes swelling when
Phatak massage will free the passage for
lymph and your feet will resume their
beautiful shape massage is beneficial
during PMS syndrome and pregnancy the
hormonal changes are natural while
expecting babies unfortunately it
negatively influences the veins and
lymph vessels tones as for menstruation
a couple of days before black live women
suffer from swelling lymphatic massage
is beneficial in both these cases you
can use it as well in the fight against
scarring it can help even with the older
scars as it is now to activate the
lymphocytes which restructure the tissue
what is more this massage is effective
against acne feed blank skin is usually
accompanied by liquid which gathers in
between the cells of the skin lymphatic
massage drains this liquid and as a
result inflammation decreases and now
after learning the benefits of this
treatment let's move to the techniques
of the lymphatic massage itself
get a trim waist with minimum effort
position your hands over the sides of
your waist flip your palms forward in a
bit downward do it several times to warm
up your body then get down to the main
exercise from slimming the race down put
your right hand on the left side of your
waist and pressing down move it back to
the center of your waist repeat it for
about 50 times then perform the same
actions with your left hand on the right
side of your waist
after finishing do the exercise you used
for warming up move your palms from the
sides of your waist forward and a bit
downward repeat these actions for about
50 times as well tone your gluts using
only your fingertips move from your
upper legs to your buttocks in circular
motions always use upward motions
get strong legs with the help of your
thumbs apply some pressure to feel the
stretch in the groin area that point
stimulates the release of toxins and as
a result helps you fight cellulite
say no just sagging means don't forget
to hurt your knees as they are also an
important part of your body to feel more
comfortable sit in a chair start from
the top of your kneecap and move outward
with short strokes use circular motions
to massage the area around your kneecap
sculpture perfect calves to perform
these exercises you must lie down place
two pillows under your calves and pull
one leg towards your chest in that
position
massage your calves with both hands rub
your calves using short strokes use all
of your fingers and apply medium to hard
pressure then relax
create delicate any cults try to form a
ring around your ankle wrap the ankle
with both hands and massage the legs
upward including the hamstring the area
behind the knees your leg will soon
appreciate these positive changes
what is more there are special lymphatic
points on your body it is beneficial for
your overall health to massage them it
releases toxins that gather in your
systems into lymphatic vessels after
that they get into the bloodstream and
leave the body on your body you can find
more than 90 lymphatic points look at
the location of some of them DIY massage
of these points is too easy and its
benefits are too impressive not to start
doing it right away just follow some
simple instructions using your four
fingers press into the plates where the
lymphatic point is situated massage it
applying some pressure for 10 seconds in
circular motions if the point feels
tender spend some extra time on it
pay attention spend at least one minute
on each area you will notice the changes
sooner than you imagined at first feel
feel relaxed in all your muscle later
the results will become more visible if
you adopt a healthy diet plan and
include a lot of liquids you will see
the improvements much faster even if
this massage therapy seems harmless you
should consult a trusted professional
before starting it note though that you
mustn't massage an injury or bruises if
you do it daily your lymphatic systems
will feel great and very soon you will
see the difference in your physical
condition energy level and body shape if
you feel like following this advice and
starting the regular massage give us a
like and we will tell you about some
more healthy tips use them if you want
to have a beautiful and healthy body so
to make the lymphatic massage even more
effective and to remove toxins and extra
pounds you can involve some additional
aid first of all stop consuming
processed food and gluten in such
products you will find mostly artificial
stuff that has been left after
processing it blows down the metabolism
and results in the toxins accumulation
avoid sugar it is extremely hard to
digest for your poor body the same can
be said about all artificial sweeteners
to detoxify your body eat green grapes
as often as possible they work as a
brush for your organism drying out
toxins from wherever they are stocked
grapes then dump all the nasty stuff
into your intestines this fruit contains
a lot of fiber so when you enjoy the
green goodness
drink a lot of water as well it will be
of great help in the process of detox
stretch every day it will double the
results of your efforts to detox what
happens when you stretch his oxygenated
blood getting to the farthest corners of
your body leaving them it carries away
all the accumulated toxin so yoga or Tai
Chi are perfect exercises for cleansing
your body
breathe deeply do it first thing in the
morning
you will definitely find a couple of
minutes to make 10 deep breaths
it is very energizing and cleansing
split these nasty toxins out do you know
what is the largest organ in your body
it is the skin and it is also the main
organ of elimination to detoxify your
body thoroughly visit saunas steam rooms
and take warm baths you will sweat but
it will help you to get rid of as much
as 20% of debris and toxins your body
has accumulated take care of your liver
it can be done with the help of such
herbs as burdock dandelion root as well
as green tea prepare some detoxifying
drinks here are several recipes
lemon vinegar cayenne pepper and water
pour a large glass of water add to it
half a teaspoon of apple cider vinegar
juice of half a lemon and sprinkle it
with a bit of cayenne pepper drink this
before breakfast you will notice the
increase in your energy level and your
metabolism rate what is even better
it will clear toxins from your body
ginger detox movies take one ginger root
peel and mince it then put it into a
blender add one teaspoon of cinnamon and
one handful of spinach leaves pour one
glass of purified water into the device
and start blend the ingredients until
you get the consistency you want
smoothie from berries one and a half
cups of different berries blackberries
cranberries raspberries and so on mix
with half a glass of coconut milk then
add one cup of purified water and a bit
of rolled oats blend all the ingredients
and enjoy the cleansing smoothie do you
detoxify your body do you use massage
for it or do you have your own secrets
write to us in the comments below
and remember to share this video with
your friends let them be beautiful and
toxin free like this video and click
subscribe to join us on the bright side